fix(api): simulation allows aspirating and dispensing on a tip rack (#7788)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: api/docs/v2/versioning.rst

+-------------+-----------------------------+
|     2.10    |          4.3.0              |
+-------------+-----------------------------+

> |     2.11    |          4.3.1              |

Reviewer: This would go out in the next scheduled release rather than the currently (already released) version

```suggestion
|     2.11    |          4.4.0              |
```

Version 2.10
++++++++++++
- In Python protocols requesting API version 2.10, moving to the same well twice in a row with different pipettes no longer results in strange diagonal movements.

Version 2.11
++++++++++++

> - In Python protocols requesting API version 2.11, validation to prevent aspiration and dispensation to tip-racks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Python protocols requesting API version 2.11, attempting to aspirate from or dispense to tip racks will raise an error.
```

Author: Haha, just realized that this was not a change you made but rather a very cleverly disguised suggestion. Updating now.
